who isn't a pineapple under the sea
server the yellow and porous easy
hey everybody this is 22 Tiger dude and
I'm here to review the spongebob episode
you don't know sponge requested by
George 0-1 a and I am here with my guest
star one yank like five so this episode
is about when SpongeBob and Patrick take
a best friend's quiz because you know
they are best friends and the two of
them surely enough have to just know
each other so much so the two of them
both take a quiz spongebob passes but
Patrick fails Patrick knows nothing
about spongebob even though they've been
best friends for their whole lives
so because of one best friends quiz and
the fact that Patrick did doesn't know
anything about spongebob that threatens
their friendship spongebob is sad about
it and yeah it's just not very good for
sponge or Patrick's friendship
my thoughts are you don't know sponge I
honestly think this is a waste of a time
of a spongebob episode I really did not
think this episode had to be made if it
was a filler to me and I'm gonna be
honest it's one of the worst focus ODEs
I've ever seen I hate this episode
Patrick I know he's stupid but the fact
that Patrick does not even know anything
about his friend is just so stupid like
I know he's stupid but he should know at
least who his best friend is like
seriously Patrick and it was just it was
just really dumb from there not only
that but it's the episode soap that
really bugged me like I just questioned
why this episodes made this episodes
really boring
spongebob you know crying which is
understandable but I mean him crying
again sad really annoyed the hell out of
me there are a few funny moments for
this episode like the well joke in the
beginning that was hilarious to me I
left at the ending but overall I just
really did not like you don't know
sponge I hate this episode total filler
to me did not have to be made
I have to agree with your buddy you know
this episode or like in other words in
other words of what 22 targeted said it
sucked
yes I mean who would literally make an
episode of someone doesn't know what
their best friend is everybody should
know their best friend I agree with 22
target dude it should at least know
SpongeBob's made a name birth when he
came from where did they came from I
don't know
but whatever you know to be honest story
like sucked because the reason why I
don't like it is mainly sponsor up is
mostly crying throughout the whole
episode that's it I Patrick he just
doesn't care
cuz he's dumb but that's his character
but he should know well his best friend
the quiz think he sucked - I mean yeah I
was just still wasted time it would it
was just it was just sad to be honest
this was just an embarrassing episode to
watch positive positive positive they'd
laugh just a little bit they're out in
the middle of the episode so long
overall you don't know sponge is a waste
of time I hated this episode it was
boring it was filler the storyline the
writing was crap there was no point for
his episode to be made Patrick not
knowing who sponge abyss at all was just
sad not even fun it was sad to watch it
was even more sad to see spongebob
crying throughout Sandhya was right when
she said that he's a baby yeah it was
funny I'll admit when she said that line
it was funny but she spoke the truth at
the same time I mean you could kind of
stand why I just got really annoying and
pretty much really nothing really
happens the first six minutes is them
taking a quiz literally they took half
of the episode to do the quiz and the
other half is just spongebob moping
around and seeing what Patrick is up to
that's really it
all you get for an episode yeah so you
don't know sponge um it has a few very
funny moments like moments actually did
make me laugh out loud
so I'll give it a three out of ten for a
few hilarious moments the well joke in
the beginning probably being the
funniest one but overall I just I hear
this episode it's a three out of ten to
me like I do I left a bit so I got at
least I just I left a little bit in this
episode so I just gotta give it like a 2
out of 10 by the episode sucked I don't
blame you man I don't blame that 2 out
of 10 thank you when you flick 5 for
guest starring ie and also be sure to
subscribe to my channel
one young swag 5 follow me on Twitter
you know Instagram it's awesome in the
description box below so one York's like
guys I need after you heard here folks
and this is 22 Tiger dude signing off
I am 22 Tiger dude don't forget that I
will always have targa power